our field is down to three Gus Hansen
bopping his way to the top he has a
commanding lead as latest victim TJ
Cloutier phil ivey starting to make his
move but it's an uphill battle here for
he and Johnny Chan they're gonna have to
double up at least one or two more times
to get back in this game
Phil sitting on a suited ace jack phil
has enough chips here where he doesn't
have to necessarily move in he can just
raise the pot he raises to 60,000 Gus
Hansen with a suited ace douche Gus can
play this a lot of ways he could
rearrange the try to take the pot right
now or he can just call and see a flop
and he does the ladder he calls to see
the flop and Johnny chant folds so two
players on this flop now yet I see cold
stare of Phil Ivey the flop is a pair of
eights and a three which doesn't improve
either hand but leaves Phil Ivey in a
very commanding position
the thing is though Gus Hansen may not
know that he is behind in the hand and
Gus may very well bet here Gus does bet
75,000 when a guy bets into you when the
flop comes a pair instantly you think he
might be weak because you really you
don't think that he would lead into you
if you did flop three-eighths phil has
two options here he can either call Gus
to try to freeze him on the turn or he
can push all in and just test his luck
Phil chooses to call Gus really isn't
sure what that means
turn is to ten of hearts that's a car
that helps Gus's hand that may help him
continue as a bluff now he's picked up a
flush draw Phil is really helping Gus
checks here
I don't even know if Gus knew there was
a heart on the flop at the time in the
flush draw I might have caught him by
surprise and he's not sure what to do
Gus bets 200,000 this is a bully Bluff
it's a bully Bluff and it's very very
bold this is an outstanding bet by Gus
Hansen's really putting the pressure on
Phil Ivey and for Phil Ivey to just call
this he's basically risk his whole
tournament 200 thousand is a good
portion of the stack Phil's still trying
to think what did Gus's lead on that
flop mean with a 2 a 2 the three did he
really lead at me with three-eighths we
know that Phil has the best hand but
this is really a hard hand to play it's
really difficult to call he has no pair
just a stack high and Gus is betting
into him twice this time $200,000 any
folds Phil Ivey folds and Gus wins the
pot Gus Hansen takes down the biggest
Bluff of the tournament right there and
he didn't just have to Bluff once he had
to Bluff twice to take down that pot